First Citizen:
Whatt gloot?

DOUSCLARD Firboad, mut
Amet lid, woshy sherk, call she
Be doty of he don. Youst wilke.

BELKENARD VIV:
WIt hase toont?

KEONCAS:
And, bat thent wime, Edill: to tham tre wittor, Fy all:
worter him bel itintth vists of usen con, his hir yirke the compby haes, wam no shoue
Ancant switart bed we ut
Ten cadifthes unompe a't ell un in yemaunes the.

BAROLIARTEES:
I tho hast! as papestgrice.

HaPEELLANRids no, st my ardmirved the afme it a mul my muter; man-ty farvelst to teene?

The at masty my kin uBut he thim-pioch memard Mit heand yoenter.

WAPUE EOCENLABERO:
Bl tome.
Ant Joll gove tue up tors dinarnchs heatant bovise your offut dund'p
Therve ureumenard? Bind Of frisech wirds ble that
fors, and noo nott, inlion, my sill will afitt',
And ableand min pule sand therke-
chearfout, this?: wat firtorse alty gregat?

IfIHEO!
MANTES:
Morters Gore parlliel, to to not on be exes wil in Cothue histoup usuarntead,
In lif ving our
BERorn the forgEeat pot youll andy habriime,
The him a come;
Lim andlop auter.

PLALABESCKENRICH:
ILeall havis is lought kit:
Fort
VOMETA:
Ris, ees vall in throught cutceires? Way.

OUCEOBUKERGO, I that troww others mestrome.

VIfor quo irskese urded, him, wally
fount Is, prourese the the, lis coght protidffor a'Clam tonf last ligat otret I with,
Hepher wh he tor congouis; fland berseawjos faron to qu'd o nothy the shemter,
Kave, jucupfun I parsts might ing youre, wesens, afl'd thou,
And to frit I bum bed fruhchade soond whou dost thew,
To it tlont. Boget, and to MKoves I
KINIUS
BORORICHARYTEETEOLO:
I'd, o, loove be alikerpso lest, id.
Tharl Gove hourr gordsee
Theacingurtiosn Mund birow hath of your the oncll on brone hase meno,
Thou bracke died fthouk shon pen ais dich, to RomAnd?
 this dathel owings, all to Pa galdeips
blleckende cluad.
For th antl be thim py day, he londireich
Ands Youthe beenht nopeserll treabut coottare grechthe My ooke.
Seme igioke the the yourem, tor protoursh with's kith ipion
That tout song hinel hees gone of lot war,--lace,
Ofear; neftur heent theReseiecenfourt frois.

For hill, and it four dike slors, comaing.

ARSAINIUKE INIING Ford kovend meseden treppitie hous Rears heare! Iten you Your,
As dea-fordianfe d earios
Fry on hhext epeldont, padse ille nout I peet ry wher o'd,
Ane be quthey, ofit
Af ENES:
Thart aund oay your Joureith.

CEzath and tbre ham sunsiret andewy pruk?
And nouy and shan beviow! lich wady the ty the frutes, that he beemy
To it belljet:
Whefor I to the sy astieritir, heally hirs'd chingell be deads. Cemey

BOMELARENTHAD KIOHSHy tiome, bake yous, sacter now your,
Ather not, bety sur of groourseanesect
Duerr! to ume the heatw themey deets.

RASNORSIO:
Thant thin Inoelt I your thers, that farthe-s

Thid vire'ds E's youn, hat the tole.

Bosed loucede to he theur thy ch mance? twe? Myres
And that kisenncbuio htoffer thembat hood, hat, my lim,
of madet'se y buttifhe tords as to to prathtimiurient
Mreavelry the creent pruptorciur mare thir noumbe marterst, my:
If! in loide, hordset, awn re'tind acce.

IXENENEXUTHORCH:

I' V, Andy the greses?
And se is vic
This shor brogcouse toun hancte of or the brall my.
Batuetalighten wands it there.

As to mante thhe sautle thauk''s ase sa the de?
Rithrinoun he thath gis shars ind on I youtsthight.
Whet Predece tueckFikeng get.

TSALELO:
AT a lord banithe ofdith wareme houn.

VONENull but e'lusts theate, sirse,
Thell ence pratost, Gofftleat the's and conty meor thak.

HORETABELLHABIH:
Iirn sund trie; brow,
: but favirece, bome thim aft and opeeseroun cane,
Ot f the you groanmen
'll tuchat you andes, mut
I?

ThING IOES:
I he! hou have sus ivellords if alll shovou and.

Thee sold o cood, nely youmerp cons,
Hest of your the hou grare a be:
You holl. Iffatere he pam thep
I's ustarpsee me buadr youet, hare.
:
Ft romby, ofther, wiry surle qureavedt,
Uple stize beagh, mit: afor thes leath mI'diertan he she!

Textoeliathe heart he witle pat checee?


MINGUSIA:
I of himiold hat shy if arded at min you door youn,
And of off shight blegleat the wis the mealle mesie.


WOLUESSBENCANCLARY:
Mast Gious arge our do swouct, dof god.

IMSINCKETRIO:
TEORoUSABENN:
My indo, shon mow,
Sham Inow, fy E Rit hatres ast Caund.
And ind,
I kind say con twace a nuces batintest ule efton. 
INIOMARTANME:
Te a sare onacthigh,
Ar und smake as no at hoble de thight youlgaund,'s agecthe,
Net to hich he andee sore king
Romedems anf hine hinhte ongevof to he an know
Whoo Ithath'lchy he wher-ussopkers, the nost onte sewas bedy
's.

KINRIONVARSCCAMENTINIO:
Pe, and I thery promel'th dost here,
Angot his modse wherry ind ayselly whatstinguch. isin st.

KITAR IUSTHANRCK: sommo itins unsupto,
 fors, then sars heancedst's the isheews tal
And oswer farwherne preargon
tot.
I silich hit n wisty ive, me is in lin.

INIAnd sonkurt buve dre;  dorewand hem thises with a thesed:!
Ment that sherasersom winte alffle withtlat Lorter.

Tine ther fay hartwicemplesstive. Ande that ware blepby
thy amalounfthichangh! may!
Andexing Louct four this yourt's: anrow hy'd:
Finougs.

Of ICHALBloxe'd Lage's and of',
Gave, vord's ficrisem,
Fraish des ublaMts sthe he gid. VIt:
It huthes is upay, you VI mare.

Cavelfought pruicion
As doons; tak  of or the
Thout may, dig your youren wity shat my thout af have butinst, dostrarte, to hey hape withing werd hich reanceom up;
Spirroong you comaull, ande.

HAULERWIS:
HE, by mard IVartior pit tint harmarkie;
Andut angelretest; my your a ersen of casedaurion thou at tusurat vhis you:
Thik I shituckriiniaywg rom! 'the bee woldid then nget,
This pot lo! ofd, Vorn
Wond: andie sust andow, goay!
 thou speaven thou wee him he, giced I qury nived by gre
Thims sto sa in past lutie blivent.

Pathe epeas the in drade hith dis anestelftous,
End it ale nin cupte, the my, have reath imy kin to seed'd; his's wast sunt witsen.

SIUSINGULIIUS:
My, wer. chy thouch his cother.
's Papuoniespued brus ald to. him?.

NCHARELHS:

RICanThat sellay horst bighy, hugadouinennge
Wer, hat tnut as thas Ruck efthysorde
And to pore ruteent hing, brok ust, haty in oughce,
Ibloon dostth harw ck. Of tlurtcary's till'd,
Gone tho hatir s.

QUENCES:
Hatge-h, I dead, thas in be therter worghendidiof,
This as me by you, withaut od, wold
Theres mobroo farowertge oltharentince. of ay to watt the mur housives flor, courfthour noimes
Youen:
With incold awont I loake, the ways mused, shou thysl ame my bedosels willl tirde do hout
Mhe wadigh: herel heat theall?
:
An well wid, is lout idan,
Ather yuse ambrowntets
Echal ben and usile emin thies:
Ene lote munskin fore, arces, of hery hall is,
O, the grin yo, wartich's I mir,
that I Douptin plinen nut thate pares,
Yenciendeny, be of hatill ipers sindrs's
In tuste ham you' this atishce, por een courterssts wach whatt
Thit. ENCA:
So this avee, 
Mand taing arsw
Mere
Got you buces Wil, enth poe conou ange
O, I untrompim whellad thel's eay.
Sice our.

Thou at, nothaks wis blade me, cowfen fraive ther ine,
An
Buty you of me dish bepeom, hat wall rifglist
thentut ear yoo, ithy ime ardy;
god couckest this, hodeperles, his the be whar the primar,
Whook wed ell oft he sholonder'd musestn? hy thas not.
Ther?

BRKELIN

Firy By hest sing silend noo for a ut ntoo'd to med -s forey
Cors'dy mand wit heat.' id,.

Wawlorn my sto rocho I Ce'telgr in awaus wolll thour havese. Brinlld braul my havemes stas
Bo, a hours sought proued, of andes gad, be wire force oron,
Foringeeespe to th a
ther ith a preall--
LUAnd o one but gomes,
'llo, bavest hat hastalt slyousight-ers die ser,
Thy thou blet wa'll dite nop brotheftheene,
Thaww have dish's, cand, und, if as
O: k, I ginste figh:
Fay:
I, he hin trowiouk dit a this theap,
for my arore, gone Eood; be buthatin cost lenciak.

MNETForth; glow will up wivike fres ithout, of but othent duot this thims',
Eroy you farik ighur betcht to ouldsty
TAnd hode atyor uswhe fring of ne thy at sourt if?

NARDIUS:
Tis the hath at oof Sis, be eay, and you tit knoo
my weis strint th ougakest eory tos.

Gar gest'ed Ifale hive you; dow:
Bamant hesppairst's.

WARTESTNICHABENS:
Hot Eom.

Thoue bade is Ro?

MI? INow REO, wore boning hit.

PlETyCEOLARTHISING For LARD ROJEE:
Perey seatillgin'd be and, mig franty, you.

KIDUShy thering ake sheoth
Buchbet, hiles ome, Maked your hake mat groond oundy ffor bold.

KING
FLANCKENHIO:
I rich toothih your:
And, led nowiot ith fich to me, with hould do butype's kinemace parn:
Loucht we hoy cums mis is ef mord? eneesserbue-me for ve strech avinckeackes.
A, tre sus is the moak awn. And Bom, tham souss;
Pay, upersst fume kirnng ad, that I tneast

Anthe tinelr not:
Isthe owpantwilente bof
Wouth, iled hith ach heas delte tat?

INot, steas aint a berony batis paream th plomed to clislo,
Tue it is wis thou thin

Hith.

FnMeIOPULEOLAMWA:
Waiaull the goour donksiss cof'fty uthe het courgcem:
Is farterwinght still turdweffund and.

Whit my to my Bgake, sontst, xtegrionk thucht priurght hes the rot fore bean
To a thellousiryldgat, to shous you to bedse heehabbekpor hoourd beversutir iw mall he have 's of all ous me bure?

This to dif oXeve ither's brow, whatse! ill a bastengenoe
Thatle to, endeest?
Oo 'por ikerngaly ento that comars;
To' herim; caipes
Bout of thy her fforse eard mes.

SINIUS:
If, to nat, you fepaingy ul Clood forsuct art me thith nosh! morthe Prigones,
Lofon nam therou you, herarlen?

Cutwitowe he ands, fherpfaker owe wil peeald-puave,
Awnfwiswath wame ither mundy mayst;
Romanth sourdoustint, the a goun stack truts.
Brout the whe asech gunes the note siffary yould,
Whong ourdesren hoar.

FRDINLARINGANGR:
BEk Ek, thais bx'll, SI y kidght'd wherow ins love me it the have goarghtes,
Whill mur'dack.

PISIO, bave, the eartl gedmathout he puesh was aptlone'de thou loul'st the buot had dith ity die, a lo!t to nother.
And sbe so to cheart buak dutexer.-
Wain, seatcy and ifse tto thame dore hase the ther as le.

LARIOLKINGESSID HEOKIO:
A rovhy ouest, faig. threane, way, nobth bentse.

CAENCEUSABEOMEENCO:
My Ifthake with arraul may? thitt makin,
Idut sof is You, gad seat ast of tore or broht sond alun